New topic: Creating localized exception messages (#14147)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/exceptions/how-to-create-localized-exception-messages.md

---
title: "How to: create user-defined exceptions with localized exception messages"
description: "Learn how to create user-defined exceptions with localized exception messages"
author: Youssef1313
ms.author: ronpet
ms.date: 09/02/2019
---
# How to: create user-defined exceptions with localized exception messages

In this article, you will learn how to create user-defined exceptions that are inherited from the base <xref:System.Exception> class with localized exception messages using satellite assemblies.

## Create custom exceptions

.NET contains many different exceptions that you can use. However, in some cases when none of them meets your needs, you can create your own custom exceptions.

Let's assume you want to create a `StudentNotFoundException` that contains a `StudentName` property.

> To create custom exceptions, Follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom exception, follow these steps:
```

- Create a serializable class that inherits from <xref:System.Exception>. The class name should end in "Exception":

    ```csharp
    [Serializable]
    public class StudentNotFoundException : Exception { }
    ```

- Add the default constructors:

    ```csharp
    [Serializable]
    public class StudentNotFoundException : Exception
    {
        public StudentNotFoundException() { }

        public StudentNotFoundException(string message)
            : base(message) { }

        public StudentNotFoundException(string message, Exception inner)
            : base(message, inner) { }
    }
    ```

> - Add properties and more constructors, depending on your needs:

Reviewer: Put the condition first, so the list item can be skipped fast by readers who don't need:
```suggestion
- If you need, define additional properties and constructors:
```

- Add a new resource file for French. Name it *ExceptionMessages.fr-FR.resx*.
- Add a name/value pair for the exception message again, but with a French value:

![Add resources to the fr-FR culture](media/add-resources-to-fr-culture.jpg)

- After you build the project, the build output folder should contain the *fr-FR* folder with a *.dll* file, which is the satellite assembly.

- You throw the exception with code like the following:

    ```csharp
    var resourceManager = new ResourceManager("FULLY_QIALIFIED_NAME_OF_RESOURCE_FILE", Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly());
    throw new StudentNotFoundException(resourceManager.GetString("StudentNotFound"), "John");
    ```

  > [!NOTE]
  > If the project name is `TestProject` and the resource file *ExceptionMessages.resx* resides in the *Resources* folder of the project, the fully qualified name of the resource file is `TestProject.Resources.ExceptionMessages`.

## See also

- [How to create user-defined exceptions](how-to-create-user-defined-exceptions.md)
- [Creating Satellite Assemblies for Desktop Apps](../../framework/resources/creating-satellite-assemblies-for-desktop-apps.md)

> - [base (C# Reference)](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/base)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [base (C# Reference)](../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/base.md)
```
